who
more
hello I was just shopping and that
in a grocery and me
I thought I show you to the
I'm looking for food that I buy
because many are interested in it and
let's get started
When I'm in the pro head that's one
There you can do a lot of bio
Things buy a lot of vegan stuff
and there I have a soja once
bought milk that is the soy sorry of
alpro here is no soy milk
more drunk and that's why I'm very
strained and try now on soy and
almond milk instead of regular
cow milk neighbor comment I hope we
It can not be though the word
Truck passing the soymilk
a euro 80 tasted and I think for
a liter that's okay
and perhaps so yes I have my
then there is such a thing
yogurt bought with organic vegetable
and also yes and that is so with
raspberries and I compose I have it
never eaten but i can feel it myself
pretty well imagine and it does too
only cost 92 I think for
yogurt cups
this is not a food now
but then I have from me too
knew like a nail polish remover
he bought smells of soybean oil and orange
and then I have already as me
have already got a pack empty
and I really like him really well
and he does not smell that hard
nagging feeling so that has two euro 80
how much does it cost and without it
next one was a little expensive so i am so
a full- force spelled raspberry muesli
bought and that cost four euros
that's 250
There is already something expensive inside
pretty yummy as it stands there without
Citrus fruits or nuts without added
sugar and without wide so at
have many american youtube on
I heard a lot of risen lying
so the rice must be made
and then found one in this one
a normal business
spaghetti and then one
Turned I would not like it
but that's all Italian for that
I can not say much but she calls
probably high price fits it
Simply rice noodles and certainly also very
compliant standard and are bleeding after
free and have both packs individually
92 cost the self for example 250
grams inside and help to 250 grams
Like you, I do not know any chocolate
more and I wanted one anyway
buy troublesome and then have one
without a show found that very difficult
most chocolate inside and that is
a highlight of the cereal bars of the
brand topics like part no idea knows
no sugar in it so most
is comes from dates and other sweet ones
For example, apricots and foods
it costs 1 99
then I have the mark
Maps were bought organic short mix
these are pumpkin seed sunflower seeds
inside and that cost a worldview
then I found that and that is
actually a normal jam
a raspberry jam from allofs though
you say that actually I did not want to
buy but then I have the
read through ingredients and have
discovered that there was no sugar in it
and that is only agave thick juice inside
as a sweetener so to speak and simple
different juices and so no
added or sugar and that wanted
I really want to try it because so
far as I know, there are only with it
trouble loading where a lot of sugar inside
is
and that cost three euros 20 then
I wanted an almond cream
Try and therefore I have only
a small pack for one euro
Bought
I'll get a lot of it and that
There are actually quite big
glass and I just wanted to
So try the little bakken
good grades
although not so good hotel
but probably I have now
already open but those are pumpkin seeds
and they are salted and 100 percent
biologically by biohof martina schmidt
this is a biohof in zagersdorf and that
is very good about regional products
buys so I bought I
I'm sure that cost
I have a shop in my place
bought not at poker but me
always find it very convenient if you are
So a short mix has you so
Snacking can also force you to buy because
sometimes you have the tv already
lust on the grain or chips and that is
very good if you have an alternative
such as pumpkin seeds we want
I like to have such a snack video
make good healthy alternative
Finally, I still have spec
bought a bit of fruit
Maybe you know that on the side of the road
Sometimes they are just where fruit stands
to buy fruit from regional channels
can
and there I have mine on earth
That's a hammer kilo and has eight
It costs a lot, though
for being from the region is ok
and then I have one more
bought a kilo khat from marin and that
Cost 16 euros yes that's all and
I want to go to school
thoughts or others you have me one
gift certificate from the broker and he
that made it all possible that is
I bought us usually can
i dont eat too much myself i would
I can recommend it several new ones
products bought in sofia speech no me
always find that exciting when you are
Something else there is always what you
his life is long in the supermarket
has seen and always the same products
I am very interested in buying
healthy nutrition and way more videos
Want to see then write that up
every case in the comments was black
Video wishes and not like it
on
you're not even bye